IfcCableSegment Rail Import BIMQ 2021-07-21T06:34:03.8145844Z (#153)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Sections/Domain specific data schemas/Schemas/IfcRailDomain/PropertySets/Pset_CoaxialCable/Documentation.md

> Properties in this property set are applicable for cable segment, indicated that the cable segment is an coaxial cable, which is a copper cable with a variable number of copper coaxial pair conductors used to transmit data by means of electrical signals, especially at radio frequency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Properties applicable to a coaxial cable, which is a copper cable with a variable number of copper coaxial pair conductors used to transmit data by means of electrical signals, especially at radio frequency. This property set is applicable to a type or occurence of _IfcCableSegment_ with predefined type CABLESEGMENT.
```
